Hi, I'm Christian, well my full name is Christian Guillermo Arrega Desiderio,
but my family and friends says "Chris" it is my most common nickname. I was born in Guayaquil
on 1984. My birthday is in 16st of July. My parents are Guillermo an Diana. 
I have two sisters and one brother, they are Vivian she is a teacher, Luis he is a Autorized Public Accountant and Diana she is
a medicine student, also I have two nephews, their names are Jose and Guillermo of 5 and 1 years respectively.

I studied the primary school in my neighborhood  and my college in the Ati II Pillahuaso Institute in the center of Guayaquil
city. Later I finished my career of Engineer in 
Computer Systems in the University of Guayaquil.

When I was a teenager I  wanted to be an Architect, Painter or Graphic Designer because this reason I really love draw, the colors, the expressions.
But I had a first contact with a computer personal when I went the college and I liked the  lot of odds for creation and imagination  of it 
electronic invent, here started my passion for the computers.

While I was in the university I was to working in some jobs for example I was a teacher substitute and book seller.

After I went out of university, I started to work in the Software sector for a international PYME, later in 2011 I moved to Quito for work, I 
worked for a important company of computer sector, then I changed to work in the SENAE and later passed to work in the SRI, actually.

Also, I and other developers, we did development and install some solutions of software for the private sector. We are independent 
software consultors.

Actually, I live in the Rumipamba sector on the Manuela Saenz street and Rumipamba avenue, next to the San gabriel college, near to 
the stop metro the same name.

My favourite dressed is the ice cream in special the blackberry.

I like to run in the Carolina Park, my favourite hobby is learn news things for example deports, languages.

My principal objective for the future is create my own company with one vision of technology for everybody.    

The family is the most important for me, and my major event I live when I  see my nephews and their happy and true smiles.


       



       
